adding katacoda tutorials (#3142)
knative/docs: tutorials/katacoda/4-eventing-intro-broker/step2.md

## Use Case
The broker and trigger model is useful for complex event delivery topologies like N:M:Z, i.e. there are a multitude of Sources sending events, Functions

> consuming/transforming which are then processed by even more functions and so on. It can get a bit unwieldy to keep track of which Channel is having which events. Also, sometimes you might only want to
> consume only some types of event. You would have to receive all the events, and throw out the ones you’re not interested in. To make these kinds of interactions easier and allow the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consuming/transforming which are then processed by even more functions and so on. It can get a bit unwieldy to keep track of which Channel is having which events. Also, sometimes you might only want to
consume specific types of events. You would have to receive all the events, and throw out the ones you’re not interested in. To make these kinds of interactions easier and allow the
```

details of event routing from the event producer and event consumer.

### Trigger
A Trigger describes a filter on event attributes which should be delivered to Consumers. This allows the consumer to only receive a subset of the events.

### Example
Suppose we want to implement the following workflow for events
![broker-eg](./assets/broker-eg.png)

We can implement this with Channel and Subscription, but in order for that we’d need 6 Channels and have two instances of Consumer1 (because we would need to have it output
to two different channels to separate Red and Yellow without Consumer2 and Consumer4 having to filter out the events they didn’t want). We would furthermore need to have 6
Subscription objects. By using the Broker / Trigger we only have to declare that Consumer1 is interested in Blue and Orange events, Consumer2 is interested in Red events and so forth. The new topology now becomes:
![broker](./assets/broker.png)

To see this in action let us first create a Broker:

```
kubectl create -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
kind: Broker
metadata:
  name: default
  namespace: default
EOF
```{{execute}}

> Now We will create consumers that will simply log the event. (We will only create two consumers, rest all will be very similar):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we will create consumers that will simply log the event. (We will only create two consumers, the rest will be very similar):
```

```
for i in 1 2; do
cat <<EOF | kubectl create -f -
apiVersion: serving.knative.dev/v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: consumer${i}
spec:
  template:
    spec:
      containers:
        - image: gcr.io/knative-releases/knative.dev/eventing-contrib/cmd/event_display
EOF
done
```{{execute}}

Let us now create Triggers that will send only the events that the consumer is interested in:

> For `consumer2`, we create a filter for Red events only

Reviewer 2: Is kind odd to start with consumer2 and then consumer1, I would expect you do them in order starting with something named consumer1

Author: Good point. I have consumer1 creating two triggers, hence wanted to start with consumer2 first. Is it ok to fix this later?
